Using normal formatting.
Loading /home/computeruse/games/moonmist.z3.


Moonmist
Infocom interactive fiction - a mystery story
Copyright (c) 1986 by Infocom, Inc. All rights reserved.
Moonmist is a trademark of Infocom, Inc.
Release number 13 / Serial number 880501

You drove west from London all day in your new little British sports car. Now at
last you've arrived in the storied land of Cornwall.

Dusk has fallen as you pull up in front of Tresyllian Castle. A ghostly full
moon is rising, and a tall iron gate between two pillars bars the way into the
courtyard.

What would you like to do?
>x gate


In the moonlit gloom, you can make out an ornament on the gate. It's a winged,
two-legged dragon called a wyvern, which crests the Tresyllian family's coat of
arms.
The dragon appears in profile. The moonlight glints on its lone visible eye.

What next?
>press dragon
The dragon's eye glows red. A voice comes from a hidden speaker. It says:
"Please announce yourself. State your title -- such as Lord or Lady, Sir or
Dame, Mr. or Ms. -- and your first and last name."
>Sir Erik Hansen
"Did you say your name is Sir Erik Hansen?"
>yes
"And what is your favorite color, Sir Erik?"
>yellow
"Did you say your favorite color is yellow?"
>yes


"Jolly good! The spare bedroom is decorated in yellow! Please enter."
The red eye turns green, and the front gate creaks open.

What next?
>enter


Your headlights bravely pierce the gloom as you enter the courtyard. You get out
of your car.
The front gate closes and locks behind you.
(You are now in the courtyard.)
As flood lights blaze on, you look around. It looks even lovelier than it sounds
in the tourist brochure.
The dark stone turrets rise toward the misty sky.
Your new little yellow sports car is parked here.

Someone comes running out of the wing to greet you. She's a beautiful red-haired
young woman of average height. You recognize her as your friend, Tamara Lynd.
"Erik!" she cries with outflung arms. "You sweet thing, to answer my letter in
person this way! And all the people I wrote about are here tonight for Lionel's
memorial birthday dinner!"
After a warm hug, she asks anxiously, "You did read my letter, and not just give
it a hasty glance?"

>yes


"Then you know about my engagement, and the White Lady, and the fact that...
that someone is trying to kill me!"

[You won't see "What next?" any more.]

>follow Tamara


Tamara guides you into the foyer.

As you enter the foyer, you're overwhelmed by the English past. Those barbarous
times when Jack's ancestors had to shut themselves up in a fortified castle have
softened into gracious country living. Yet Tamara is clearly anxious.
(You are in the foyer.)
"Here comes Jack now!" exclaims Tamara, as he comes striding toward you. He's a
tall, handsome, dark-browed young man in dinner jacket and black tie.

"My fiance, Lord Jack Tresyllian," Tamara introduces him. "Jack, this is my
friend from the States, Sir Erik Hansen."
"So you're that famous young sleuth whom the Yanks call Sir Sherlock!" says Lord
Jack, shaking hands. "Tammy's told me about the mysteries you've solved!"
His keen blue eyes size you up with a friendly twinkle. Yet his friendliness
seems to be all on the surface -- it may take time to figure out where His
Lordship's really coming from.

>bow to Jack


He bows back to you.

"We can talk more later, Erik," says Tamara, taking your arm, "but let's go in
now, so you can meet the other guests."
"Yes, do come in. Bolitho will see to the car and bring your luggage," says Lord
Jack as an elderly butler appears.

>follow Tamara


Tamara guides you into the drawing room.

(You are now in the drawing room.)
It looks even lovelier than it sounds in the tourist brochure.
A tall graceful older couple in evening clothes are chatting and sipping sherry.
Lord Jack introduces them as Montague Hyde and Vivien Pentreath.
Hyde smiles and bows stiffly. And Vivien murmurs in an attractively low voice,
"How do you do, Sir Erik."
"Believe it or not, this young man is a famous American detective," Lord Jack
tells them.
"Not a police detective, of course," Tamara adds as they both stiffen, "but a
solver of all sorts of mysteries in the States. We're hoping to find out who or
what is haunting Tresyllian Castle."

>g


Tamara guides you into the new great hall.

(You are now in the new great hall.)
It looks even lovelier than it sounds in the tourist brochure.
The hall is floored with black and white marble tiles. They've been worn smooth
by footsteps over the centuries, especially near the archway to the drawing
room.
A young couple are dancing to the faint sound of rock music from a portable
radio on a table nearby.
The girl is a stylish London deb type. Her dark hair is cut boyishly short. Her
height and figure would make her a perfect high-fashion model.
He's a tall blond, sporting a white dinner jacket and scarlet cummerbund. He
moves with the elegant swagger of a Guards officer and young-man-about-Mayfair,
both of which he is.

They stop dancing, turn off the radio, and greet you. Tamara introduces them as
the Honourable Iris Vane and Lt. Ian Fordyce of Her Majesty's Coldstream Guards.
"My dear! What a handsome addition to your guest list!" chirps Iris. Her green
eyes sparkle flirtatiously as she offers you her delicate hand. "Tell me, Sir
Erik -- Are you one of those brutally fascinating American private eyes?"

>hug Iris


"Oooo! I just love it when you do that, Erik!"
Iris repeats, "I said: Are you one of those brutally fascinating American
private eyes?"

>yes


"Splendid!"

"Do excuse me for interrupting," Tamara breaks in, "but here comes Dr. Wendish!
I'm sure Erik wants to meet such a distinguished scientist!"
A man is coming downstairs. He's a middle-sized man in his fifties, with
spectacles and a grizzled mustache.
Tamara introduces him as one of Lionel's oldest friends, Dr. Nicholas Wendish.
He's carelessly dressed in rumpled evening clothes, but his hawk eyes peering at
you through gold-rimmed specs show ruthless intelligence.
"I read about one of your mystery cases when I was in New York last year, Sir
Erik," he probes. "Is it a case that brings you to Cornwall?"

>Wendish, no


"I see..."

"You two will have time to chat later," says Tamara, "but you must excuse us
now, Dr. Wendish, while I show Erik up to his bedroom. I'm sure he wants to
freshen up for dinner!"
Tamara guides you up to the gallery.

She says, "I know it's confusing, but the British call this the 'first' floor.
We just left the 'ground' floor."
(You are now in the gallery.)
The gallery spans the top of the double stairways. You can go east to your
bedroom or west to Vivien's bedroom. Hallways lead to the northeast and
northwest. On the wall is a series of oil paintings of Lord Jack's ancestors.

>follow Tamara


Tamara guides you into your bedroom.

She says, "You'll be sleeping in the same room that Queen Victoria slept in!"
(You are now in your bedroom.)
Your room is decorated in shades of yellow. You see your bathroom to the north
and a cozy fireplace in one corner. The room is furnished with a bed, a night
table with a lamp on it, a chest of drawers, a wardrobe, a wing chair, and a
dressing table with mirror and bench. There's also a full-length wall mirror.
She says, "Let's chat a bit, now that we're alone."

>Tamara, tell me about ghost


"Since I wrote you, I've seen the ghost again, and this third time was the
worst. After working late one night, I was preparing to leave the office to go
to my room. As I opened the door to the first-floor corridor, I saw this ghostly
figure with long blonde hair and a dead white face. It was holding a sword and
about to attack me!"
Tamara gulps and her voice quavers as she concludes, "I s-s-screamed and shrank
back inside the office and slammed the door! That's about all I can tell you,
Erik..."
Tamara fidgets nervously. "I don't know whether this ghost is real, or someone
just play-acting. It can sneak around anywhere it pleases in the whole castle. I
just don't understand how a person dressed up like a spook can do that without
being caught!"

>z


[I assume you mean: Wait 10 minutes.]
Time passes...
Tamara turns to leave, saying, "Here's Bolitho, so I'll leave you to rest or
freshen up, Erik. Dinner's at eight, by the way -- or whenever you hear the
gong."
The butler enters with your luggage and lays it on the bed.
"I regret to say, Sir Erik, that the maid will be unable to unpack for you, due
to the arrangements for the late Lord Lionel's memorial birthday dinner," he
apologizes. "Do you wish me to do so before I leave?"

>yes


Bolitho responds politely, like the well-trained butler he is. But he seems to
have something important on his mind.
Tamara leaves.

>Bolitho, tell me about ghost
"I myself glimpsed the ghost just last night. Lord Jack and some guests were
sitting up late, lounging and chatting in the new great hall. After they
retired, I came upstairs to clean up and turn off the lights. As I entered the
new great hall from the west, I saw the ghost on the far side of the room.
You've seen that room, have you not?"

>nod


"To be precise, the ghost was just beyond the archway. It was bending over,
groping for something on the drawing room carpet."
He continues, "The ghost must have heard my footsteps, for it stood up, flashed
me a startled glance, and fled into the darkness of the drawing room. I pursued,
turning on the lights, but the thing had disappeared. I went into the foyer, but
it was not there either, and the front door was still locked -- from the
inside."

>z


[I assume you mean: Wait 10 minutes.]
Time passes...
Bolitho coughs diffidently and asks, "Sir Erik? Am I right in assuming that you
are the well-known young American detective?"

>yes


"Then no doubt you are here to investigate the spectral figure which has
recently been seen about the castle."

>yes


"I see..."

"May I offer one last suggestion?" adds Bolitho.

>yes


"Should you find yourself in any danger from our ghost, perhaps you could use
this."
Bolitho gives you a small aerosol device.

"Ah, by the way, Sir Erik -- should you wish to view yourself from all angles
while dressing, you can do so by adjusting the wall mirror and the hinged side
mirror of the dressing table."
Without explaining further, Bolitho abruptly leaves the room.

>x device


It says, "JUST PRESS THE BUTTON."

>drop it


Okay, it is now on the wing chair.

>n


(You are now in your bathroom.)
From the look of it, your bathroom was added in recently. It is comfortable and
inviting, especially for Cornwall.

>remove clothes


Okay... My, what a fine figure of a man!

>take bath


First you drop everything...
You're now squeaky clean. After toweling off, you feel nicely relaxed and ready
to tackle the mystery of Tresyllian Castle.

>s


(You are in your bedroom.)

>dress for dinner


Ahhh! Nothing like a new outfit to change your whole outlook!

>look in drawer


(You open the chest of drawers first.)
You can see a tourist brochure, a nightshirt and an exercise outfit inside the
chest of drawers.

>go to dining room


You go quickly toward the dining room.
(You are now in the dining room.)
This room is impeccably furnished, but it's too formal for relaxing.
A brooding bust of Lionel Tresyllian (sculpted by Vivien) is displayed in a
corner.

You see the sideboard and the dining table here.
On the sideboard you see a punchbowl.

>wait until 7:54


Time passes...
Tamara enters and nods to you.
Do you want to keep waiting?
>yes


Lord Jack enters and nods to you.
Do you want to keep waiting?
>yes


Vivien enters and nods to you.
Dr. Wendish enters and nods to you.
Bolitho appears, puts dinner on the sideboard, leaves a note on Jack's napkin,
and looks around the room.

>take butler's note


You are now holding the butler's note.
Ian enters and nods to you.

>read it


It says,
"Your Lordship:
Following instructions in your late Uncle Lionel's will, the other servants and
I have left the castle after sounding the dinner gong. We shall remain away
until tomorrow morning.
I regret to inform you that Gladys, the upstairs maid, will not return with the
rest of us. She wrote a note to Your Lordship explaining the reason. She told me
that she put it on the writing desk in the sitting room.
(signed) Bolitho."
Bolitho enters backstairs.

>drop it


Okay, it is now on the dining table.
Hyde enters and nods to you.
Iris enters and nods to you.

>wait until 8:00


Time passes...
Suddenly, the dinner bell sounds.
Do you want to keep waiting?
>yes
Iris playfully suggests to Lord Jack that everyone form a self-serve food line
at the buffet. He and the others good-naturedly accept her suggestion.
As Lord Jack takes his place as host, he notices a note lying on his napkin. He
picks it up and reads it with a troubled expression.
Several people glance at your outfit with approval.
Lord Jack announces his engagement to Tamara, prompting various reactions from
the guests.
The dinner is excellent, with a flow of subdued conversation...

>eat dinner


You take a bite and find it delicious.

>z


[I assume you mean: Wait 10 minutes.]
Time passes...

Lord Jack and his guests are startled as an unexpected voice suddenly speaks!
"Good evening, all," it says, then breaks into a low chuckle.
"Good Lord!" Jack gasps. "That's Uncle Lionel's voice!"
Dr. Wendish points to the bronze bust. "There's where it's coming from!"

>look under bust


(You stand up first.)
The bronze bust is hollow. When you lift it from its shelf, you discover a small
tape recorder underneath, with an elaborate clockwork timer. Evidently the timer
was set to play the tape during the usual dinner hour on this date.

>z


[I assume you mean: Wait 10 minutes.]
Time passes...

Lionel's voice continues, "You are all here, I trust, to honor the wish
expressed in my will -- that the seven of you should dine together at Tresyllian
Castle on the evening of my birthday."

>z


[I assume you mean: Wait 10 minutes.]
Time passes...

Lionel's voice continues, "As you know, I enjoyed adventuring to remote corners
of the world. And doubtless you've all heard of the loss of that valuable
artifact, which I brought back from one of my expeditions, have you not?"
The guests nod or mumble vaguely. They all glance toward Jack, as if looking for
an official response.

>z


[I assume you mean: Wait 10 minutes.]
Time passes...

Lionel's voice goes on, "The truth is that the artifact is not lost, but hidden.
Although I am not yet ready to reveal what it is, I suggest you look under the
punchbowl."

>look under punchbowl


You find the first clue underneath, so you take it.

>x it


The first clue shows a photo of singer Pearl Bailey.

"This first clue is merely to sharpen your wits," Lionel's voice goes on.
"Deirdre, my dear: your one goal in life, I believe, is to become Jack's wife,
heaven knows why! Not being Cupid, there is little I can do to help. Knowing the
others, I suspect each one has private reasons for wanting my hidden treasure.
So, for your amusement, I have given a second clue to my heir, which may start
you down the path to finding it."
With another sardonic chuckle, Lionel's voice adds, "Perhaps, Lord Jack, you
would care to SHARE your clue with all the others -- eh, what?"

>Jack, give clue to me


Lord Jack hands you the second clue.

>x it


It says,
"... Yet the ear distinctly tells,...
How the danger sinks and swells,
By the sinking or the swelling in the anger of the ____s..."

Lionel's voice finishes, "So now, my friends, let the game begin!"

>go to tower


You go quickly toward the old great hall.
(You are now in the old great hall.)
Your footfalls echo across the ancient stone floor.

>u


The stairs curve up to the right.
(You are now in the first-floor corridor.)
The first-floor corridor is lined with doors. To the west, a heavy oak door with
ancient wrought-iron fittings bears a bronze bas-relief of the Tresyllian family
crest, marking this as the master bedroom of the castle. Other doors lead to the
northwest, east, northeast, and southeast. Stairways go up at the south end and
down at the north end.

>u


The stairs curve up to the right.
(You are now in the second-floor corridor.)
Light comes from the fighting deck.
The second-floor corridor has doors leading to the north, south, and southeast.
Stairways go up at the east end and down at the west end.

>u


The stairs curve up to the right.
(You are now on the fighting deck.)
The "roof" of the tower keep has a stone floor and battlements all around. Far
below, the faint sound of the sea cries from the darkness. In the moonlight you
see a huge bell mounted on a heavy frame.

>look in bell


In the bell is a third clue.

>get third clue


You are now holding the third clue.

>read it


It says,
"... And so, all the night-tide, I lie down by the side
Of my darling -- my darling -- my life and my bride,...
In her tomb by the sounding sea."

>drop it


Okay, it is now on the ground.

>drop first and second clue


[I assume you mean: the first clue.]
first clue: Okay, it is now on the ground.
second clue: Okay, it is now on the ground.

>d


The stairs curve down to the left.
(You are in the second-floor corridor.)
Light comes from the fighting deck.

>d


The stairs curve down to the left.
(You are in the first-floor corridor.)

>d


The stairs curve down to the left.
(You are in the old great hall.)

>d


You go quickly toward the basement.
(You are now in the basement.)
The basement of the tower keep still holds traces of the medieval past -- such
as an ancient well. The basement now stores both Lionel's expedition gear and
the castle wine cellar.
The brick walls are damp and mossy. A stairway lies north, and doors lead east
and west.

>e


(You are now in the kitchen.)
The kitchen is large yet cramped. From here, you can go west to the tower
basement, east to the servants' quarters, or up the stairs.

You see a brass lantern here.

>get lantern


You are now holding the brass lantern.

>w


(You are in the basement.)

>w


(You are now in the dungeon.)
Light comes from the basement.
In the northwest corner is an ancient door called a "priest hole." Another exit
is east to the basement.

The light reveals an iron maiden here.

>turn lantern on


Okay, it is now on.

>x maiden


The inner surface of this medieval torture device is covered with spikes. The
space is just big enough to hold an unfortunate victim.

>enter maiden


As you step on the bottom of the iron maiden, it sinks downward into the secret
tomb. You step out again.
You feel a cold shiver run down your back.
(You are now in the secret tomb.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.

The light reveals the iron maiden and a stone coffin here.

>x coffin


(You open the stone coffin first.)
Inside the stone coffin is a fourth clue.

>get clue


You are now holding the fourth clue.

>x it


It says,
"If you search for 'A Cask of Amontillado,' don't get trapped!"

>enter maiden


As you step on the bottom of the iron maiden, it rises again to the dungeon. You
step out again.
(You are in the dungeon.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.

The light reveals the iron maiden here.

>e


(You are in the basement.)

>look


(You are in the basement.)
The basement of the tower keep still holds traces of the medieval past -- such
as an ancient well. The basement now stores both Lionel's expedition gear and
the castle wine cellar.
The brick walls are damp and mossy, and some bricks look loose. A stairway lies
north, and doors lead east and west.

>remove bricks


You manage to pull them down into a pile on the floor, making a large hole in
the wall.

>enter hole


(You are now in the secret crypt.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.
This space at the bottom of the tower is so gloomy and musty that you should be
glad there's an exit to the basement.

The light reveals a skeleton here.

>x skeleton


Hanging on the neck of the skeleton is a black pearl necklace.

(Congratulations, Sir Erik! You've found the hidden treasure!)

>g


Just old bones moldering in the dark.

>get necklace


You are now holding the black pearl necklace.

>x it


It's a strand of shiny black pearls, the rarest and most precious kind in the
world!

>out


(You are in the basement.)
There's a bunch of loose bricks on the floor, and a hole in the wall.

>go to my room


You go quickly toward your bedroom.
(You are in your bedroom.)

>x wall mirror


By running your fingers around the frame, you discover a hidden switch.

>pull switch


As you pull the hidden switch, a section of the wall creaks open, revealing a
secret passage!

>e


You step down into a narrow secret passage.
(You are now in your entrance.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.
This is a musty and cobwebby secret passage between the wall of your bedroom and
the outside wall of the castle.
The secret passage leads north and south. An open secret door and a lever are on
the west wall.
A narrow stairway snakes down into darkness.

>n


(You are now in Iris's entrance.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.
A secret door and a lever are on the west wall.
The secret passage leads north and south into darkness.

The light reveals a blowgun and a ghost costume here.

>get all


blowgun: You are now holding the blowgun.
ghost costume: You are now holding the ghost costume.

>look in blowgun


There's a poison dart inside.

>x costume


The gown seems to fluoresce in the dark. It has a low neckline and no sleeves.
When you hold it up, you can see it would fit a person of average height.
It's obvious that the wig was designed to resemble Deirdre's long, flowing hair.
Inside, you notice several individual red hairs, the same color as Tamara's
hair.

(Congratulations, Sir Erik! You've identified the ghost!)

>s


You hear a scurrying sound underfoot.
(You are in your entrance.)
Light comes from the ghost costume.

>w


(You are in your bedroom.)

>go to drawing room


You go quickly toward the drawing room.
(You are in the drawing room.)

>search floor
The carpet ends flush with the archway to the new great hall, where the
footsteps of visitors have begun to wear it thin. It's a magnificent red
Brussels carpet with deep pile and a medieval design.
Nothing suspicious meets your eye after a moment's scrutiny. Do you want to
continue?
>yes


Suddenly you notice a glittering speck. Probing for it with your fingers, you
discover a tiny red jewel.

>yes
(You aren't talking to anyone!)

>get jewel


You are now holding the tiny red jewel.

>go to Tamara's room


You go quickly toward Tamara's bedroom.
You enter the room cautiously after a preliminary peek. No one is there.
(You are now in Tamara's bedroom.)
The room is utterly feminine in its decoration, yet neater than you might expect
for a young woman of Tamara's age. Even her dressing table is in apple-pie
order, with her hand mirror, comb, brush, makeup kit and jewelry case all
precisely placed on its gleaming surface.

>look in case


In the jewelry case you see only an assortment of jewelry.
Almost the first thing you notice is a delicate earring.

>get earring


You are now holding the earring.

>insert jewel in earring


The jewel fits the empty earring perfectly. You remove the jewel again.

(Congratulations, Sir Erik! You've found evidence of the crime!)

>yes
(You aren't talking to anyone!)

>look under bed


Neatly hidden under the bed is a journal, so you take it.

>look under bed


Neatly hidden under the bed is Tamara's receipt, so you take it.
You freeze as the door bursts open and Tamara appears. She stares at you with a
shocked look. "Well! I didn't expect MY room to be searched!" she says angrily.
She enters the room and closes the door behind her.

>get all


jewelry case: Tamara prevents your action!

>x journal


This is a journal of Lionel's South Pacific expedition. As you leaf through it,
you find a description of a treasure: a black pearl necklace.

>x receipt


It's a receipt for the purchase of an adder from a pet shop in Frobzance.
Someone has written the word "Iris" on it and then viciously crossed it out.

(Congratulations, Sir Erik! You've found evidence of the crime!)

>Tamara, apologize


"Apology accepted."

>arrest Tamara
At first she denies everything, but when you tell about Tamara's receipt, she
rushes at you! Suddenly Bolitho appears and grabs her from behind, saying, "I'll
guard this villain for you." Then Tamara glares at you and confesses to fraud.

(Congratulations, Sir Erik! Would you like to read the authors' version of the
crime?)
>yes
Tamara doubted that she could hold Lord Jack's love. She was both jealous and
fearful of Iris as a rival who might someday take Jack away from her. So she
tried to defame Iris by making it appear Iris was a vengeful ghost bent on
killing Jack's new love, Tamara. Deirdre's death was purely an accident.

[Congratulations, Sir Erik! You've won the game!]

Would you like to:
   RESTORE your place from where you saved it,
   RESTART the story from the beginning, or
   QUIT for now?
>score
[Type RESTORE, RESTART, or QUIT.] >quit
