Using normal formatting.
Loading /home/computeruse/games/moonmist.z3.


Moonmist
Infocom interactive fiction - a mystery story
Copyright (c) 1986 by Infocom, Inc. All rights reserved.
Moonmist is a trademark of Infocom, Inc.
Release number 13 / Serial number 880501

You drove west from London all day in your new little British sports car. Now at
last you've arrived in the storied land of Cornwall.

Dusk has fallen as you pull up in front of Tresyllian Castle. A ghostly full
moon is rising, and a tall iron gate between two pillars bars the way into the
courtyard.

What would you like to do?
>x gate


In the moonlit gloom, you can make out an ornament on the gate. It's a winged,
two-legged dragon called a wyvern, which crests the Tresyllian family's coat of
arms.
The dragon appears in profile. The moonlight glints on its lone visible eye.

What next?
>press dragon
The dragon's eye glows red. A voice comes from a hidden speaker. It says:
"Please announce yourself. State your title -- such as Lord or Lady, Sir or
Dame, Mr. or Ms. -- and your first and last name."
>Sir Erik Hansen
"Did you say your name is Sir Erik Hansen?"
>yes
"And what is your favorite color, Sir Erik?"
>red
"Did you say your favorite color is red?"
>yes


"Jolly good! The spare bedroom is decorated in red! Please enter."
The red eye turns green, and the front gate creaks open.

What next?
>enter


Your headlights bravely pierce the gloom as you enter the courtyard. You get out
of your car.
The front gate closes and locks behind you.
(You are now in the courtyard.)
As flood lights blaze on, you look around. It looks even lovelier than it sounds
in the tourist brochure.
The dark stone turrets rise toward the misty sky.
Your new little red sports car is parked here.

Someone comes running out of the wing to greet you. She's a beautiful red-haired
young woman of average height. You recognize her as your friend, Tamara Lynd.
"Erik!" she cries with outflung arms. "You sweet thing, to answer my letter in
person this way! And all the people I wrote about are here tonight for Lionel's
memorial birthday dinner!"
After a warm hug, she asks anxiously, "You did read my letter, and not just give
it a hasty glance?"

>yes


"Then you know about my engagement, and the White Lady, and the fact that...
that someone is trying to kill me!"

[You won't see "What next?" any more.]

>follow Tamara


Tamara guides you into the foyer.

As you enter the foyer, you're overwhelmed by the English past. Those barbarous
times when Jack's ancestors had to shut themselves up in a fortified castle have
softened into gracious country living. Yet Tamara is clearly anxious.
(You are in the foyer.)
"Here comes Jack now!" exclaims Tamara, as he comes striding toward you. He's a
tall, handsome, dark-browed young man in dinner jacket and black tie.

"My fiance, Lord Jack Tresyllian," Tamara introduces him. "Jack, this is my
friend from the States, Sir Erik Hansen."
"So you're that famous young sleuth whom the Yanks call Sir Sherlock!" says Lord
Jack, shaking hands. "Tammy's told me about the mysteries you've solved!"
His keen blue eyes size you up with a friendly twinkle. Yet his friendliness
seems to be all on the surface -- it may take time to figure out where His
Lordship's really coming from.

>curtsey to Jack


He bows back to you.

"We can talk more later, Erik," says Tamara, taking your arm, "but let's go in
now, so you can meet the other guests."
"Yes, do come in. Bolitho will see to the car and bring your luggage," says Lord
Jack as an elderly butler appears.

>follow Tamara


Tamara guides you into the drawing room.

(You are now in the drawing room.)
It looks even lovelier than it sounds in the tourist brochure.
A tall graceful older couple in evening clothes are chatting and sipping sherry.
Lord Jack introduces them as Montague Hyde and Vivien Pentreath.
Hyde smiles and bows stiffly. And Vivien murmurs in an attractively low voice,
"How do you do, Sir Erik."
"Believe it or not, this young man is a famous American detective," Lord Jack
tells them.
"Not a police detective, of course," Tamara adds as they both stiffen, "but a
solver of all sorts of mysteries in the States. We're hoping to find out who or
what is haunting Tresyllian Castle."

>g


Tamara guides you into the new great hall.

(You are now in the new great hall.)
It looks even lovelier than it sounds in the tourist brochure.
The hall is floored with black and white marble tiles. They've been worn smooth
by footsteps over the centuries, especially near the archway to the drawing
room.
A young couple are dancing to the faint sound of rock music from a portable
radio on a table nearby.
The girl is a stylish London deb type. Her dark hair is cut boyishly short. Her
height and figure would make her a perfect high-fashion model.
He's a tall blond, sporting a white dinner jacket and scarlet cummerbund. He
moves with the elegant swagger of a Guards officer and young-man-about-Mayfair,
both of which he is.

They stop dancing, turn off the radio, and greet you. Tamara introduces them as
the Honourable Iris Vane and Lt. Ian Fordyce of Her Majesty's Coldstream Guards.
"My dear! What a handsome addition to your guest list!" chirps Iris. Her green
eyes sparkle flirtatiously as she offers you her delicate hand. "Tell me, Sir
Erik -- Are you one of those brutally fascinating American private eyes?"

>x Iris


The girl is a stylish London deb type. Her dark hair is cut boyishly short. Her
height and figure would make her a perfect high-fashion model.
Iris repeats, "I said: Are you one of those brutally fascinating American
private eyes?"

>yes


"Splendid!"

"Do excuse me for interrupting," Tamara breaks in, "but here comes Dr. Wendish!
I'm sure Erik wants to meet such a distinguished scientist!"
A man is coming downstairs. He's a middle-sized man in his fifties, with
spectacles and a grizzled mustache.
Tamara introduces him as one of Lionel's oldest friends, Dr. Nicholas Wendish.
He's carelessly dressed in rumpled evening clothes, but his hawk eyes peering at
you through gold-rimmed specs show ruthless intelligence.
"I read about one of your mystery cases when I was in New York last year, Sir
Erik," he probes. "Is it a case that brings you to Cornwall?"

>Wendish, yes


"I see..."

"You two will have time to chat later," says Tamara, "but you must excuse us
now, Dr. Wendish, while I show Erik up to his bedroom. I'm sure he wants to
freshen up for dinner!"
Tamara guides you up to the gallery.

She says, "I know it's confusing, but the British call this the 'first' floor.
We just left the 'ground' floor."
(You are now in the gallery.)
The gallery spans the top of the double stairways. You can go east to your
bedroom or west to Vivien's bedroom. Hallways lead to the northeast and
northwest. On the wall is a series of oil paintings of Lord Jack's ancestors.

>follow Tamara


Tamara guides you into your bedroom.

She says, "You'll be sleeping in the same room that Queen Victoria slept in!"
(You are now in your bedroom.)
Your room is decorated in shades of red. You see your bathroom to the north and
a cozy fireplace in one corner. The room is furnished with a bed, a night table
with a lamp on it, a chest of drawers, a wardrobe, a wing chair, and a dressing
table with mirror and bench. There's also a full-length wall mirror.
She says, "Let's chat a bit, now that we're alone."

>Tamara, tell me about ghost


"Since I wrote you, I've seen the ghost again, and this third time was the
worst. After working late one night, I was preparing to leave the office to go
to my room. As I opened the door to the first-floor corridor, I saw this ghostly
figure with long blonde hair and a dead white face. It was holding a sword and
about to attack me!"
Tamara gulps and her voice quavers as she concludes, "I s-s-screamed and shrank
back inside the office and slammed the door! That's about all I can tell you,
Erik..."
Tamara fidgets nervously. "I don't know whether this ghost is real, or someone
just play-acting. It can sneak around anywhere it pleases in the whole castle. I
just don't understand how a person dressed up like a spook can do that without
being caught!"

>z


[I assume you mean: Wait 10 minutes.]
Time passes...
Tamara turns to leave, saying, "Here's Bolitho, so I'll leave you to rest or
freshen up, Erik. Dinner's at eight, by the way -- or whenever you hear the
gong."
The butler enters with your luggage and lays it on the bed.
"I regret to say, Sir Erik, that the maid will be unable to unpack for you, due
to the arrangements for the late Lord Lionel's memorial birthday dinner," he
apologizes. "Do you wish me to do so before I leave?"

>yes


Bolitho responds politely, like the well-trained butler he is. But he seems to
have something important on his mind.
Tamara leaves.

>z


[I assume you mean: Wait 10 minutes.]
Time passes...
Bolitho coughs diffidently and asks, "Sir Erik? Am I right in assuming that you
are the well-known young American detective?"

>yes
"Then no doubt you are here to investigate the spectral figure which has
recently been seen about the castle. I myself glimpsed the ghost just last
night. Lord Jack and some guests were sitting up late, lounging and chatting in
the new great hall. After they retired, I came upstairs to clean up and turn off
the lights. As I entered the new great hall from the west, I saw the ghost on
the far side of the room. You've seen that room, have you not?"

>yes


"To be precise, the ghost was just beyond the archway. It was bending over,
groping for something on the drawing room carpet."
He continues, "The ghost must have heard my footsteps, for it stood up, flashed
me a startled glance, and fled into the darkness of the drawing room. I pursued,
turning on the lights, but the thing had disappeared. I went into the foyer, but
it was not there either, and the front door was still locked -- from the
inside."

>z


[I assume you mean: Wait 10 minutes.]
Time passes...

"May I offer one last suggestion?" adds Bolitho.

>yes


"Should you find yourself in any danger from our ghost, perhaps you could use
this."
Bolitho gives you a small aerosol device.

"Ah, by the way, Sir Erik -- should you wish to view yourself from all angles
while dressing, you can do so by adjusting the wall mirror and the hinged side
mirror of the dressing table."
Without explaining further, Bolitho abruptly leaves the room.

>x device


It says, "JUST PRESS THE BUTTON."

>drop it


Okay, it is now on the wing chair.

>n


(You are now in your bathroom.)
From the look of it, your bathroom was added in recently. It is comfortable and
inviting, especially for Cornwall.

>remove clothes


Okay... My, what a fine figure of a man!

>take bath


First you drop everything...
You're now squeaky clean. After toweling off, you feel nicely relaxed and ready
to tackle the mystery of Tresyllian Castle.

>s


(You are in your bedroom.)

>dress for dinner


Ahhh! Nothing like a new outfit to change your whole outlook!

>look in drawer


(You open the chest of drawers first.)
You can see a tourist brochure, a nightshirt and an exercise outfit inside the
chest of drawers.

>go to dining room


You go quickly toward the dining room.
(You are now in the dining room.)
This room is impeccably furnished, but it's too formal for relaxing.
A brooding bust of Lionel Tresyllian (sculpted by Vivien) is displayed in a
corner.

You see the sideboard and the dining table here.
On the sideboard you see a punchbowl.

>wait until 7:54


Time passes...
Tamara enters and nods to you.
Do you want to keep waiting?
>yes


Lord Jack enters and nods to you.
Do you want to keep waiting?
>yes


Vivien enters and nods to you.
Dr. Wendish enters and nods to you.
Bolitho appears, puts dinner on the sideboard, leaves a note on Jack's napkin,
and looks around the room.

>take butler's note


You are now holding the butler's note.
Ian enters and nods to you.

>read it


It says,
"Your Lordship:
Following instructions in your late Uncle Lionel's will, the other servants and
I have left the castle after sounding the dinner gong. We shall remain away
until tomorrow morning.
I regret to inform you that Gladys, the upstairs maid, will not return with the
rest of us. She wrote a note to Your Lordship explaining the reason. She told me
that she put it on the writing desk in the sitting room.
(signed) Bolitho."
Bolitho enters backstairs.

>drop it


Okay, it is now on the dining table.
Hyde enters and nods to you.
Iris enters and nods to you.

>wait until 8:00


Time passes...
Suddenly, the dinner bell sounds.
Do you want to keep waiting?
>yes
Iris playfully suggests that everyone form a self-serve food line at the buffet.
Lord Jack and the others good-naturedly accept her suggestion.
As Lord Jack takes his place as host, he notices a note lying on his napkin. He
picks it up and reads it with a troubled expression.
Several people glance at your outfit with approval.
Lord Jack announces his engagement to Tamara, prompting various reactions from
the guests.
The dinner is excellent, with a flow of subdued conversation...

>eat dinner


You take a bite and find it delicious.

>z


[I assume you mean: Wait 10 minutes.]
Time passes...

Lord Jack and his guests are startled as an unexpected voice suddenly speaks!
"Good evening, all," it says, then breaks into a low chuckle.
"Good Lord!" Jack gasps. "That's Uncle Lionel's voice!"
Dr. Wendish points to the bronze bust. "There's where it's coming from!"

>look under bust


(You stand up first.)
The bronze bust is hollow. When you lift it from its shelf, you discover a small
tape recorder underneath, with an elaborate clockwork timer. Evidently the timer
was set to play the tape during the usual dinner hour on this date.

>z


[I assume you mean: Wait 10 minutes.]
Time passes...

Lionel's voice continues, "You are all here, I trust, to honor the wish
expressed in my will -- that the seven of you should dine together at Tresyllian
Castle on the evening of my birthday."

>z


[I assume you mean: Wait 10 minutes.]
Time passes...

Lionel's voice continues, "As you know, I enjoyed adventuring to remote corners
of the world. And doubtless you've all heard of the loss of that valuable
artifact, which I brought back from one of my expeditions, have you not?"
The guests nod or mumble vaguely. They all glance toward Jack, as if looking for
an official response.

>z


[I assume you mean: Wait 10 minutes.]
Time passes...

Lionel's voice goes on, "Jack, I'm sure, is only too eager for me to shuffle off
this mortal coil so he can inherit the family title and estate. Thus he should
be particularly interested in what I'm about to say..." Once again Lionel's
voice chuckles slyly, then continues.
"The truth is that the artifact is not lost, but hidden. Although I am not yet
ready to reveal what it is, I suggest you look under the punchbowl."

>look under punchbowl


You find the first clue underneath, so you take it.

>x it


The first clue shows the King of Clubs in one corner, with a picture of an
African chief holding a war club; in the other corner is the King of Diamonds,
with a picture of a crowned vulture clutching a diamond.

"This first clue is merely to sharpen your wits," Lionel's voice goes on.
"Deirdre, my dear: your one goal in life, I believe, is to become Jack's wife,
heaven knows why! Not being Cupid, there is little I can do to help. Knowing the
others, I suspect each one has private reasons for wanting my hidden treasure.
So, for your amusement, I have given a second clue to my dear friend, which may
start you down the path to finding it."
With another sardonic chuckle, Lionel's voice adds, "Perhaps, Vivien, you would
care to SHARE your clue with all the others -- eh, what?"

>Vivien, give clue to me


Vivien hands you the second clue.

>x it


It says,
"Forbidden fruit tempted the very first lass.
'Twas once in a garden but now in a glass."

Lionel's voice finishes, "So now, my friends, let the game begin!"

>go to chapel


You go quickly toward the chapel.
(You are now in the chapel.)
A bare and austere yet poignantly atmospheric relic of the medieval past, the
chapel contains an altar, pulpit, font, and family pews of elaborately carved
oak. The most memorable feature is a splendid stained-glass window. It portrays,
in vividly glowing colors, Eve tempting Adam with the forbidden apple in the
Garden of Eden.

>search window


Stuck on the apple of the stained-glass window is a third clue, so you stop
searching.

>get third clue


You are now holding the third clue.

>x it


It says,
"Despite its appearance, the fruit was quite sour.
One bite of the apple drove Eve from her bower."

>go to courtyard


You go quickly toward the courtyard.
(You are in the courtyard.)
Your new little red sports car is parked here.

>e


(You are now in the hedge maze.)
Tall dark hedges surround you like walls, with walkways in all directions.

>e


You stumble blindly through the maze and suddenly emerge in the garden.
(You are now in the garden.)
Here in the central garden the plants quake nervously in the mist. In the very
middle is a goldfish pond.

>dig ground
Nothing suspicious meets your eye after a moment's scrutiny. Do you want to
continue?
>yes


Buried in the dirt is a fourth clue, so you stop searching.

>yes
(You aren't talking to anyone!)

>get fourth clue


You are now holding the fourth clue.

>x it


It says,
"Out of the sunshine, into the rain...
The end of the story is... Abel and CAIN."
The last word is underlined.

>drop all clues


fourth clue: Okay, it is now on the ground.
third clue: Okay, it is now on the ground.
second clue: Okay, it is now on the ground.
first clue: Okay, it is now on the ground.

>w


(You are in the hedge maze.)

>w


You stumble blindly through the maze and suddenly emerge in the courtyard.
(You are in the courtyard.)
Your new little red sports car is parked here.

>s


(You open the door and close it again.)
(You are in the foyer.)

>look in stand


Among the umbrellas there's a cane that looks odd.

>get cane


You are now holding the cane.
Lord Jack enters and nods to you.

>x it


There's something strange about this cane. It's shaped like a baseball bat, but
with hard, faceted bumps all over it. It has a new coat of paint.

>remove paint


Under the coat of paint is a war club.
"How nice! You found a war club! Then that's the end of my searching," says Lord
Jack.

(Congratulations, Sir Erik! You've found the hidden treasure!)
Lord Jack opens the door for a moment and enters the new great hall.

>go to sitting room


You go quickly toward the sitting room.
But in the new great hall Lord Jack says hello.
(You are in the new great hall.)
Lord Jack is walking along.
He walks west.

>give club to Tamara
(You can't see Tamara right here!)

>get maid's note
(You can't see any maid's note right here!)

>x it


[I assume you mean: the war club.]
It's a war club that once belonged to the Zulu king Dingaan -- and it's studded
with large diamonds!

>drop it


Okay, it is now on the floor.

>go to kitchen


You go quickly toward the kitchen.
(You are now in the kitchen.)
The kitchen is large yet cramped. From here, you can go west to the tower
basement, east to the servants' quarters, or up the stairs.

You see a brass lantern here.

>get lantern


You are now holding the brass lantern.

>go to ground-floor corridor


You go quickly toward the ground-floor corridor.
(You are now in the ground-floor corridor.)
The ground-floor corridor goes between the two great halls to east and west.
Behind sliding doors, the dining room is north and the sitting room is south.

>go to my room


You go quickly toward your bedroom.
(You are in your bedroom.)

>turn on lantern


Okay, it is now on.

>x wall mirror


By running your fingers around the frame, you discover a hidden switch.

>pull switch


As you pull the hidden switch, a section of the wall creaks open, revealing a
secret passage!

>e


You step down into a narrow secret passage.
(You are now in your entrance.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.
This is a musty and cobwebby secret passage between the wall of your bedroom and
the outside wall of the castle.
The secret passage leads north and south. An open secret door and a lever are on
the west wall.
A narrow stairway snakes down into darkness.

>n


You feel a cold shiver run down your back.
(You are now in Iris's entrance.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.
A secret door and a lever are on the west wall.
The secret passage leads north and south into darkness.

>wait until 12:41


Time passes...

>talk to ghost
(The ghost isn't here!)

>s


You hear footsteps behind you, but no one is there.
(You are in your entrance.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.

>talk to ghost
(The ghost isn't here!)

>wait until 12:55


Time passes...

Out of the dark comes a figure with long blonde hair, dressed all in silvery
white and glowing with an almost unearthly light.
The ghost approaches you, her cold eyes shining. In a moment, she sees you and
freezes.

>talk to ghost
She says, "Please don't speak, just listen! I'm really Deirdre, and I'm alive.
Jack tried to murder me, and I think he murdered Lionel! He pushed me down the
well, but an underground stream carried me quickly to sea, where I was rescued
by a yacht.
I have come back to Tresyllian Castle in disguise -- both to frighten him and to
find some proof of Lionel's murder. And to incriminate Lord Jack for my own
'murder' by planting the tiny red jewel from my necklace in the clothes he wore
that night -- but then I lost it in the drawing room."
She goes on, "But now that you're on the case, I can leave the country with the
yacht captain. Find proof of Lionel's murder, and we both can rest easily!"
She races off toward the priest hole.

(Congratulations, Sir Erik! You've identified the ghost!)

>w


(You are in your bedroom.)

>go to drawing room


You go quickly toward the drawing room.
(You are in the drawing room.)

>search floor
The carpet ends flush with the archway to the new great hall, where the
footsteps of visitors have begun to wear it thin. It's a magnificent red
Brussels carpet with deep pile and a medieval design.
Nothing suspicious meets your eye after a moment's scrutiny. Do you want to
continue?
>yes


Suddenly you notice a glittering speck. Probing for it with your fingers, you
discover a tiny red jewel.

>yes
(You aren't talking to anyone!)

>get jewel


You are now holding the tiny red jewel.

>go to my room


You go quickly toward your bedroom.
(You are in your bedroom.)

>x wall mirror


By running your fingers around the frame, you discover the hidden switch.

>pull switch


As you pull the hidden switch, the secret door creaks closed.

>e


(You open the door and close it again.)
You step down into a narrow secret passage.
(You are in your entrance.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.

>s


The secret passage turns west at the corner of the building.
(You are now in Vivien's entrance.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.
A secret door and a lever are on the north wall.
A secret passage leads west and east into darkness.

>w


You feel a cobweb brush your face.
(You are now in Tamara's landing.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.
A sliding panel and a lever are on the inner wall.
A ladder leads down, a passage leads east, and a walkway leads north into
darkness.

>d


(You are now in the tower passage.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.
Stone steps lead west, a secret passage leads east, and a ladder leads straight
up into darkness.

>w


The stairs curve up to the right.
(You are now in Jack's landing.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.
A secret door and a lever are on the inner wall.
Stone steps curve down to the east.

>ne


(You open the door.)
You enter the room cautiously after a preliminary peek.
(You are now in the master bedroom.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.
The master bedroom has a canopied four-poster bed on a circular dais, a marble-
topped console and mirror, two oversized wardrobes, cheval glass, tallboy,
commode, overstuffed chair and color TV. And there's a wide-open secret door!
Lord Jack is asleep.
There's a telescope mounted on a swinging wall bracket near a small uncurtained
window.

The light reveals the butler's note here.

>search room
Nothing suspicious meets your eye after a moment's scrutiny. Do you want to
continue?
>yes


Inside a drawer of the tallboy is Deirdre's necklace, so you stop searching.

>yes
(You aren't talking to anyone!)

>get necklace


You are now holding Deirdre's necklace.

>insert jewel in necklace


The tiny red jewel fits the empty socket and matches the other red stones.

>open door


(You unlock the master bedroom first.)
Okay, it is now open.

>peer through keyhole


You see a microphone with its wires leading toward the family crest.

>e


(You are now in the first-floor corridor.)
The first-floor corridor is lined with doors. To the west, a heavy oak door with
ancient wrought-iron fittings bears a bronze bas-relief of the Tresyllian family
crest, marking this as the master bedroom of the castle. Other doors lead to the
northwest, east, northeast, and southeast. Stairways go up at the south end and
down at the north end.

>x crest


The family crest features a wyvern with wings raised. It seems to be loosely
mounted on the door.

>remove crest


By removing the family crest from its place, you can see that a small secret
tape recorder is built into the door.

>play tape


First you hear Lionel: "This secret tape recorder should capture any sound in
the master bedroom when I run it. Testing, testing,..."
Then you hear Lionel tell Deirdre that he suspects Jack of coveting the
inheritance and wanting to kill him.
After a pause, Jack tells Lionel, with a cold-blooded chuckle, that his time has
come. Then Lionel's voice is urgent and muffled, as if he's being smothered! He
calls out, "Jack! Stop!" and then... silence.

(Congratulations, Sir Erik! You've found evidence of the crime!)

>w


You enter the room cautiously after a preliminary peek.
(You are in the master bedroom.)
Light comes from the brass lantern.
Lord Jack is asleep.
There's a telescope mounted on a swinging wall bracket near a small uncurtained
window.

The light reveals the butler's note here.

>arrest Jack
He wakes up first. He turns on the light. At first he denies everything, but
when you tell about the secret tape recorder, he rushes at you! Suddenly Bolitho
appears and grabs him from behind, saying, "I'll guard this villain for you."
Then Lord Jack glares at you and confesses to murder.

(Congratulations, Sir Erik! Would you like to read the authors' version of the
crime?)
>yes
Lord Jack murdered Lionel in order to inherit the title and castle.
Deirdre was blackmailing Lord Jack to marry her, because she knew he was
plotting to kill Lionel. So Jack tried to do away with her, too, by dumping her
down the well.
But Jack was wrong in thinking he killed Deirdre. She survived and came back to
the castle at night -- to play on Tamara's nerves, since her arrival seemed to
be part of Jack's plot; to hunt for proof that Jack murdered Lionel; and to try
to frame him for her own "murder" by planting the tiny red jewel in his trouser
cuff, until she lost it in the drawing room.

[Congratulations, Sir Erik! You've won the game!]

Would you like to:
   RESTORE your place from where you saved it,
   RESTART the story from the beginning, or
   QUIT for now?
>score
[Type RESTORE, RESTART, or QUIT.] >quit
