Phase 6: score
Your score would be 48 (out of 80 points). It is Day 2 of your adventure.
Current Galactic Standard Time (adjusted to your local day-cycle) is 4671.
This score gives you the rank of Lieutenan
Mini: type 384


You notice the walls of the booth sliding away in all directions, followed by a
momen
=== SPECK ===
  1: fire laser at speck


The beam just misses the speck!
  2: fire laser at speck


A good shot, but just a little wide of the target.
  3: fire laser at speck


The speck is hit by the beam! It sizzles a little, but isn't destroyed yet.

The laser feels 
  4: fire laser at speck


A near miss!
  5: fire laser at speck


A near miss!
  6: fire laser at speck


A near miss!

The laser feels somewhat warm now, but that doesn't seem to affect its
perform
  7: fire laser at speck


A near miss!
  8: fire laser at speck


A near miss!
  9: fire laser at speck


A near miss!

The laser feels very warm now, but that doesn't seem to affect its performance
  10: fire laser at speck


The beam hits the speck again! This time, it vaporizes into a fine cloud of ash.
The relay slo
  >>> VAPORIZED!
=== MICROBE ===
S: s


Suddenly, with a loud plop, a giant elephant-sized monster lands on the strip
just in front 
  M1: fire laser at microbe


The laser beam strikes the microbe. The beam slices through the microbe's skin!
A tremendous
  >>> WARM!
Throw: throw laser over edge


As the laser flies over the edge of the strip, the hungry microbe lunges 
Mask on!
Gas: press red button


You hear a hissing from beyond the door to the west.
S1: open office door


The office door is now open.
Through the open doorway you
S2: w


Bio Lab
This is a huge laboratory filled with many biological experiment
S3 (try w without lab door): w


The lab door is closed.
  BLOCKED! Opening lab door...
  Open: open lab door


The door opens.
The air is filled with mist, which is affect
  W: w


Bio Lock East

A recorded announcement blares from the public address s
S5: w


Bio Lock West

The door at the eastern end of the bio-lock closes silen
S6: open door


The door opens.

The mutants are almost upon you now!
ELEVATOR (long path): press button


The elevator door closes just as the monsters reach it! You slump back against
the wall, exhausted from the chase. The elevator begins to move downward.
Wait 1: wait


Time passes...
Wait 2: wait


Time passes...
Wait 3: wait


Time passes...

The elevator door opens onto a room to the north.

=== FULL FINAL OUTPUT (len=1737) ===
n


Cryo-Anteroom
The elevator closes as you leave it, and you find yourself in a small, chilly
room. To the north, through a wide arch, is an enormous chamber lined from floor
to ceiling with thousands of cryo-units. You can see similar chambers beyond,
and your mind staggers at the thought of the millions of individuals asleep for
countless centuries.

In the anteroom where you stand is a solitary cryo-unit, its cover frosted. Next
to the cryo-unit is a complicated control panel.

A door slides open and a medical robot glides in. It opens the cryo-unit and
administers an injection to its inhabitant. As the robot glides away, a figure
rises from the cryo-unit -- a handsome, middle-aged woman with flowing red hair.
She spends some time studying readouts from the control panel.

As other cryo-units in the chambers beyond begin opening, the woman turns to
you, bows gracefully, and speaks in a beautiful, lilting voice. "I am Veldina,
leader of Resida. Thanks to you, the cure has been discovered, and the planetary
systems repaired. We are eternally grateful."

"Unfortunately, a second ship from your Stellar Patrol has been destroyed by our
malfunctioning meteor defenses. I fear that you are stranded on Resida, possibly
forever. However, we show our gratitude by offering you an unlimited bank
account and a house in the country."

Your score would be 74 (out of 80 points). It is Day 2 of your adventure.
Current Galactic Standard Time (adjusted to your local day-cycle) is 5796.
This score gives you the rank of Cluster Admiral.

Would you like to restart the game from the beginning, restore a saved game
position, or end this session of the game? (Type RESTART, RESTORE, or QUIT.)

>
=== END OF OUTPUT ===
No remaining buffer
